hi I'm Colin from planters online today
we're looking at the Electrolux EBM 5
100 STR does come in a write hinge as
you see here and also a bubble in a left
hinge opening door let's start with some
features on the front here mark 3
stainless steel on both upper and lower
sections full pole handle so it doesn't
matter what hiked about getting easy to
be able to grab the handles for opening
the door the cabinet itself is a silver
gray color and it just plugs into a
normal power point let's have a quick
look inside the unit from top to bottom
we have our manual controls which
operates a separate fridge and freezer
temperature simply move the dial to
right or left to adjust the temperature
up and down glass shelving the tempered
glass shoving spill-proof so if anything
does fall over simply just mop it up the
shelf here is a split shelf so you're
gonna put a large item in the front here
it gives you easier access and better
storage facility if you want to make
this a full shelf
simply slide the shop forward and lock
it in position the shelving being
tempered glass
these shelvings are fully adjustable
from top to bottom the little
accessories you see here here's your egg
tray and we've got a little wine stories
colder which you can move from shelf to
shelf down the bottom we have four four
storage bins too deep and too shallow
bins that's where your flat feeder at
the top here for easy storage and down
the bottom here bulky Fifi and
vegetables celery's and so forth on the
side of the door here you got butter
dairy compartments you got shelving here
which is adjustable and nice big deep
storage being down the bottom that will
hold your large four liter bottles let's
have a quick look down at the bottom of
the freezer compartment now when we open
that up we see you spread away two large
deep storage bins down the bottom now
this one here we pull that out that's
got a nice little tray in here and
that's for your twist ice now to operate
that some manual icemaker so you fill up
in here and when it's actually made your
ice twist to the right we will dispense
straight of the container the bottom so
that's our little X upside down fridge
totally frost free mark free stainless
steel 2-year warranty on all parts and
labor I hope this video will assist you
with your purchase when shopping here at
appliances online
you
plants online today we're looking at the
samsung s tyrell 349 MW this is their
bottom mount fridge this held with some
nice features